Create new export topics structure (#646)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxDataGrid/1 Configuration/export/enabled.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Adds the Export button to the **DataGrid**'s toolbar.

---

> Refer to the [export](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/export/) topic to learn how to configure export. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [export](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/export/) topic for information on how to configure export. 
```

> Enables the [client-side exporting](/concepts/05%20Widgets/DataGrid/70%20Client-Side%20Exporting '/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/DataGrid/Client-Side_Exporting/').

Reviewer 2: This option only adds the Export button to grid. Let's change the short description.

---

> [note]Client-side exporting requires the <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs" target="_blank">ExcelJS</a> v3.3.1 or newer to export data and <a href="https://github.com/eligrey/FileSaver.js/" target="_blank">FileSaver</a> libraries.

Reviewer 2: I think we should emphasize that this option only adds the Export button and redirect the reader to the root export article in which we should give a step-by-step guide on how to enable export.
